README.md, before:

# Fontist

![windows](https://github.com/fontist/fontist/workflows/windows/badge.svg)
![macos](https://github.com/fontist/fontist/workflows/macos/badge.svg)
![ubuntu](https://github.com/fontist/fontist/workflows/ubuntu/badge.svg)

A simple library to find and download fonts for Windows, Linux and Mac.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "fontist"
```

And then execute:

```sh
bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```sh
gem install fontist
```

## Usage

### Font

The `Fontist::Font` is your go to place to deal with any font using fontist. This
interface will allow you to find a font or install a font. Lets start with how
can we find a font in your system.

#### Finding a font

The `Fontist::Fontist.find` interface can be used a find a font in your system.
It will look into the operating system specific font directories, and also the
fontist specific `~/.fontist` directory.

```ruby
Fontist::Font.find(name)
```

If fontist find a font then it will return the paths, but if not found then it
will could raise an unsupported font error or maybe an installation instruction
for that specific font.

### Supported fonts

```ruby
[
  "Arial",
  "Calibri",
  "Cambria",
  "Candara",
  "Consola",
  "Constantia",
  "Corbel",
  "Courier",
  "Meiryo",
  "Meiryo UI",
  "Source Code Pro",
  "Source Han Sans",
  "Source Sans Pro",
  "Source Serif Pro",
  "Times New Roman",
  "Trebuchet",
  "Verdana"
]
```

## Development

We are following Sandi Metz's Rules for this gem, you can read the
[description of the rules here][sandi-metz] All new code should follow these
rules. If you make changes in a pre-existing file that violates these rules you
should fix the violations as part of your contribution.

### Setup

Clone the repository.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/fontist/fontist
```

Setup your environment.

```sh
bin/setup
```

Run the test suite

```sh
bin/rspec
```

## Contributing

First, thank you for contributing! We love pull requests from everyone. By
participating in this project, you hereby grant [Ribose Inc.][riboseinc] the
right to grant or transfer an unlimited number of non exclusive licenses or
sub-licenses to third parties, under the copyright covering the contribution
to use the contribution by all means.

Here are a few technical guidelines to follow:

1. Open an [issue][issues] to discuss a new feature.
1. Write tests to support your new feature.
1. Make sure the entire test suite passes locally and on CI.
1. Open a Pull Request.
1. [Squash your commits][squash] after receiving feedback.
1. Party!


## Credit

This gem is developed, maintained and funded by [Ribose Inc.][riboseinc]

[riboseinc]: https://www.ribose.com
[issues]: https://github.com/fontist/fontist/issues
[squash]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/protocol/git#write-a-feature
[sandi-metz]: http://robots.thoughtbot.com/post/50655960596/sandi-metz-rules-for-developers

Commit message:

Add install interface for the font
This commit adds the `Fontist::Font.install` interface, which will
allow user to install any of the supported font. For the installation
it will use the `~/.fontist` directory but it will also return the
paths for the user so user can easily copy it wherever they need it.

README.md, after:

# Fontist

![windows](https://github.com/fontist/fontist/workflows/windows/badge.svg)
![macos](https://github.com/fontist/fontist/workflows/macos/badge.svg)
![ubuntu](https://github.com/fontist/fontist/workflows/ubuntu/badge.svg)

A simple library to find and download fonts for Windows, Linux and Mac.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "fontist"
```

And then execute:

```sh
bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```sh
gem install fontist
```

## Usage

### Font

The `Fontist::Font` is your go to place to deal with any font using fontist. This
interface will allow you to find a font or install a font. Lets start with how
can we find a font in your system.

#### Finding a font

The `Fontist::Fontist.find` interface can be used a find a font in your system.
It will look into the operating system specific font directories, and also the
fontist specific `~/.fontist` directory.

```ruby
Fontist::Font.find(name)
```

If fontist find a font then it will return the paths, but if not found then it
will could raise an unsupported font error or maybe an installation instruction
for that specific font.

#### Install a font

The `Fontist::Font.install` interface can be used to install any supported font.
This interface first checks if you already have that font installed or not and
if you do then it will return the paths.

If you don't but supported by fontist, then it will download the font and copy
it to `~/.fontist` directory and also return the paths.

```
Fontist::Font.install(name, confirmation: "no")
```

If there are some issue with the provided font, like not supported or some other
issue then it will raise those errors.

### Supported fonts

```ruby
[
  "Arial",
  "Calibri",
  "Cambria",
  "Candara",
  "Consola",
  "Constantia",
  "Corbel",
  "Courier",
  "Meiryo",
  "Meiryo UI",
  "Source Code Pro",
  "Source Han Sans",
  "Source Sans Pro",
  "Source Serif Pro",
  "Times New Roman",
  "Trebuchet",
  "Verdana"
]
```

## Development

We are following Sandi Metz's Rules for this gem, you can read the
[description of the rules here][sandi-metz] All new code should follow these
rules. If you make changes in a pre-existing file that violates these rules you
should fix the violations as part of your contribution.

### Setup

Clone the repository.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/fontist/fontist
```

Setup your environment.

```sh
bin/setup
```

Run the test suite

```sh
bin/rspec
```

## Contributing

First, thank you for contributing! We love pull requests from everyone. By
participating in this project, you hereby grant [Ribose Inc.][riboseinc] the
right to grant or transfer an unlimited number of non exclusive licenses or
sub-licenses to third parties, under the copyright covering the contribution
to use the contribution by all means.

Here are a few technical guidelines to follow:

1. Open an [issue][issues] to discuss a new feature.
1. Write tests to support your new feature.
1. Make sure the entire test suite passes locally and on CI.
1. Open a Pull Request.
1. [Squash your commits][squash] after receiving feedback.
1. Party!


## Credit

This gem is developed, maintained and funded by [Ribose Inc.][riboseinc]

[riboseinc]: https://www.ribose.com
[issues]: https://github.com/fontist/fontist/issues
[squash]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/protocol/git#write-a-feature
[sandi-metz]: http://robots.thoughtbot.com/post/50655960596/sandi-metz-rules-for-developers
